hello everyone it is the break between
the Guangzhou quarterfinals and the
Shanghai semifinals I'm in my hotel room
with coverage presented by mal politics
and guess who's joining me in my hotel
room today it's Kobe a caster from Riot
Games you cast that right that's your
job that is still my job unless I've
been removed recently well let's hope
not because that would be I wish it
would suck for you to find out you've
been removed during the middle of worlds
I'd be terrible here in Travis's you
know very clean and organized hotel room
that would be great news to get no one
knows that this is it's just all clean
right there there maids do a great job
either way all right so let's talk about
world so far so we are done with the
quarterfinals we are moving on to the
semifinals what have you thought of the
game so far at Worlds this year are they
better are they on par like what where
are we compared to previous worlds cuz
you've been around for a while now there
have been a lot of games clumping them
all together it's kind of hard but all
of them raided together averaged out
what is the average good scale rating of
these games I say about a 7.4 actually
what was last year like a 7.3 uh yeah
last year definitely tapered off after
group stages
yeah we're slowly moving up no I mean
generally speaking what have you thought
of the performance and everything so far
I think that this is been the most
exciting quarterfinals stage that maybe
we've even ever had definitely better
than last year just because of not only
you know the fight that a lot of the
Western teams put up but also the way
that they're doing it and the variety
and champion picks and you know
encounters are coming out that's the
type of stuff that you really like to
see strategy evolving over the course of
the tournament yeah and what do you
think that means for semifinals will we
consider it continue to see strong games
and just some final so could I have a
colleague coming out and everything
honestly the most type one is everyone's
going to be super high for RNG SKT so I
think the semi-finals are still going to
continue it might not be as intense as
the you know quarterfinals and the upset
possibilities but I think they
definitely deliver well do you have any
predictions for this weekend's right to
the predictions let's start with
SKT t1 then i guess cuz SKT rng is
probably the most difficult one and i
did predict on the dive rng three two
but if you predict SKT here then you're
hedging your vets well the thing is i'm
willing to like you know be the one to
try and try and predict you know and
come up with the reasons for you know
the bottom line mice cuties shaky and
all this stuff but if i had to put money
on it and I'm being honest I don't just
because of how well SKT prepare for
their best of fives and B how clutch of
a player you know faker is it's it's
hard to say that I would actually bet
bet on it though so you you were willing
to be the guy to take the fall for rng
but my interesting is you were not
willing to be the guy to take the fall
for cloud 9 and your prediction for
kleinen w/e they were the underdog there
you didn't you didn't predict them right
they didn't win I predicted 3 to w/e and
that was the exact score so you
predicted it correctly you did predict
it correctly but I like that you're
saying on the dive that you're willing
to play the guy that's like yeah maybe
the underdogs can win this but not when
it comes to cloud 9 I don't know what
you're trying to get it I think everyone
knows exactly what I'm trying to get at
no ok so let's move on other than that
what is world's been like for you in
China like separating from the games
house this whole experience been like
for you China is always a bit rough
because you know the firewall and trying
to get around
VPNs don't even always work so internet
and food are probably the two main
obstacles to overcome but other than
that I really enjoy especially that you
know Shanghai that we're in right now
the fans here are always extremely
awesome
not just for the Chinese teams as well
they'll cheer for you know any of the
the big plays especially the underdogs
like gigabyte Marines and stuff so the
experience is definitely good it's not
without its hardships food and Internet
are like the two most important things
for us but it's definitely enjoyable
have you there's all these light up
signs for all these different teams have
you seen those in the audience yeah
the SKT and
dsm have there been any for you I
haven't seen any I haven't been
searching but uh search you're not like
a beach leader just like looking in vain
for a big like love Kobe sign or
something a Kobe fan out there somewhere
no it's actually pretty nice to that's
the other thing here in China we don't
get stopped like ever so no one knows
who you are you can go to that yeah we
can go to the bathroom during the break
no problem yeah it's pretty good just
another strange dude wandering the arena
now are you what what are you more
excited about semifinals or finals well
it's going to be the the hype more hype
match I mean a finalist depends on how
the semi-finals go yeah but you've made
predictions for this fight wait you
shared me you shared your predictions
for the orangie SKT one do you have one
for Samsung yeah I think the Samsung one
is probably gonna be more one-sided I
think that Samsung's definitely favored
to win that one pretty clearly however a
lot of it does kind of hinge on will
that team show consistency because a
couple of the main performers for
they're you know upset over long as you
like ambition or haven't always been
that consistent what gives me more
confidence though is you know we didn't
really believe in them last year vs. SKT
we're like I asked you t probably you
know three three one 300 or something
like that and ambition stepped up then
and the team stepped up then so I have I
have a lot of confidence in Samsung
that's kind of been built up over the
last couple years and then reignited by
their victory over long Jiu which was
definitely surprising upset so we've got
semifinals finals coming up semifinals
on the same arena as MSI will that be
fun for you to return back to that same
venue
so I've been I've been like you said
we've been doing this a long time I've
been in a lot of arenas the only one
that really sticks out in my memory is
the one from Korea where we were in the
the Olympic Stadium and then I'm really
looking forward to the finals in the
bird's nest but yeah as far as the MS I
won a lot of arenas so now we've talked
about all the good and fun things it's
time to talk about North America throw
me under the bus with cloud nine for
some reason when I was the strongest
proponent that's true whatever but we
didn't even hear what you were
predicting because technical issues but
let's talk about I gave a great speech
at the beginning of all that things
cloud I could do it was great your
gestures and everything during that time
you were so emphatic and I was just like
this is and I knew that you'd been
skewed been trying to hype up that
speech for a while you've been trying to
figure out all right now we talked about
the fun things let's talk about North
America so strong baby
cloud9 almost almost made it but what do
you think of North America's results at
world cesira are really disappointing
should fans feel redeemed by cloud nines
performance and sort of over-performing
where people didn't think they should
you know what what's your kind of take
on that whole fiasco
I say North American fans are usually
disappointed at Worlds I think that this
year maybe less so because it kind of
went to par we usually have you know a
couple of teams tsm's always pretty
hyped up and for the last like three
years it's kind of you know for various
reasons has kind of crashed and burned
but then another team usually ends up
losing the wild cards or not getting out
groups and cloud9 is there at the end of
the day I think that this one could give
North American fans you know more hope
for the future I think just because of
how cloud9 did put themselves out there
with actually trying a lot of different
tragedies you know I thought reapered
even though he got a bunch of flack for
his game 5 draft games 1 through 4
were really good from them you know they
came right out the gate with a rally in
Seoul trying to hit him with some you
know CLG style or something almost
almost
we're able to take that game and and
press the series to the five games like
pretty convincingly so overall I think
it was a impressive performance TSM is
obviously very very sad about their own
especially considering the group that
they got this year so you know that that
was a pretty big speed bump for any fans
in the middle there but you know I kind
of came around in the end so next year
the dream is that reapered has five good
drafts instead of four then we make
quick quick get out right that's how
that
that's how that works we're just hope
I'd like every year it gets a little bit
more win every single draft for every
game like that's really hard to do but
yeah there we go if we can if we can
swing that other than that how are
things been with you Kobe weird uh I
don't have any more worlds questions you
know how are things with Sam Hartman
Kinsler they're pretty good I've
definitely been enjoying this trip this
worlds trip because I mean we talked a
lot about quarterfinals and stuff but it
started out actually still my most
favorite moment of the entire tournament
was the first game in group stages that
I cast which was gigabyte Marines versus
fnatic and this the one it's the one
where they buy at least five camps for
for a Levi's for the jungler on Nocturne
and he gets this like five minute
you know nocturnal time went off and the
game is insane and it's it's kind of
like kept that level for me so yeah
still enjoying the ride now now there's
a lot more space between the games so
the world's trip always kind of Peters
out here and you start to you know look
forward to going home but I'm still
super excited because we have this
Golden Apple at the end the bird's nest
you know biggest stadium so we'll see
should we just Auto C or article fly
Giga Byte Marines to every international
tournament now because the entertainment
factor they bring is so impeccable I
definitely think that Vietnam has
produced a tremendous amount of talent
so you know things in that area should
definitely be considered and that's that
obviously a joke you're being facetious
here with Otto saying goodbye
but I not legitimately early yeah people
people probably want to argue because
that's the type of game they like to see
yeah very good and will we continue to
see ardent censors all the way to the
bird's nest yeah they've been nerfed on
life but you can still catch them here
during Worlds
very good what a great way to end this
interview is there anything you want to
say to any of the fans thank you it's
always super comforting to get messages
from fans especially when we are on the
road during worlds and stuff like this
because it is super intense and and
everybody is always really hard on
themselves whenever they make mistakes
so thanks a lot for sticking by us and
keeping everybody happy hopefully we see
a light up Kobe sign in the audience
soon that's it for me you can check out
the rest of my coverage of all things
worlds right here on my youtube channel
oh hello I didn't see there I actually
just got back to the hotel after going
to the venue for some interviews and I'm
actually just checking out the new
mobile it's a sport site that's right
you've heard me talk to you about how
they help you figure out your strengths
and weaknesses but they've just launched
this new thing for worlds there's so
much functionality let me tell you about
it it's got schedules for the games and
I know a lot of you hate spoilers
there's actually a spoiler tag that
changes the functionality of the site to
hide results etc so that's what you're
interested in you've got that there are
pre game analytics and analysis for
matches before they even start
there are post game breakdowns builds
and more advanced sense including
analytics using mobile it's specific
formula there's even a section dedicated
to champions themselves in fact you can
search specifically for your favorite
player track their games view heat maps
read through their champions and see
more and finally by the way if watching
these videos is too taxing mobile digs
actually has transcribed many of my
world interviews for your reading
pleasure so be sure to check it out it's
got all sorts of cool stuff on it
explore the site its eSports top mobile
UX dot Gigi and by the way thanks for
watching this video you can actually
sign up for their service if you want to
get better at League Legends over at
mobile extra GT / Travis